We've got all that graceful shutdown stuff, but together.
But now the big question is inside of our new ticket handler, are we actually successfully publishing
an event?
So in this video, we're going to figure out how to test this.
So to do so well, you might recall for the millionth time that inside of our Gnats Test little project,
we had that listener put together and that listener was listening for an event of type or on the subject
on the channel of where is it ticket created right here.
So we actually already have a listener inside this other project that can listen for the event subject
that we are emitting.
So let's try to run our listener from this Nats test project again.
We'll then attempt to create a ticket using Postman and then verify that we get a console.log from this
listener.
So to set all this stuff up, I'm going to go over to my terminal.
I'll do a cube.
I'll get pods.
I'm going to once again find my Nat's deployment and I'm going to set up port forwarding for it.
Once again.
So we'll do a little port forward based in that pod name.
And then we want to bind.
Four, two, two, two, colon.
Four, two, two, two.
Then in another terminal window.
I'm going to go back to my Nats test directory once again.
Inside there we'll do an RPM run.
Listen.
And then we should see a listener connected to Nat's.
So now all we have to do is attempt to actually create a ticket.
So for that, we're going to pull a postman open once again.
Now, in order to create a ticket, remember, you need to be authenticated.
So you might very quickly want to make a get request to ticketing dev API users, current users and
make sure that you are signed in.
If you're not signed in either, make a post request to sign in with some valid credentials or make
a post request to sign up.
Then verify that you are signed in.
And then finally we'll go ahead and try to create a ticket.
And we can do that by making a post request to API tickets, and we'll make sure that we've got a body
inside of here.
Make sure this thing is set to JSON, title and price are required.
So I'm going to send this off.
And there's my ticket.
So now we should be able to go back over to our terminal and inside the listener window.
We should see that we receive some data on the subject ticket created.
Here's the raw event data and then we've got the ID, the title, the price and the ID of the user who
created this.
Yeah, it works.
It works well.
Hopefully it works for you as well.
If you do not see anything here, the very first thing to check, make sure you've got some consistent
subject names.
Based upon this whole typescript stuff, do we put together all the subject?
Names should be consistent.
So do go back over to the ticket created listener we had created inside of Nat's test.
Make sure you get a subject inside there of ticket created.
If that name is different at all, obviously the subject being different, you're going to be listening
to a different channel and so it's not going to work as expected.
All right.
So looks like we are able to publish.
We are able to listen.
Awesome.
Now, the very last thing we really have to do inside of our ticket service, we need to make sure that
we also emit a very similar event anytime someone updates a ticket as well.
So we're going to go into our new route handler essentially more or less just copy paste this code over
to the update handler and that should pretty much be it.
So a quick pause right here.
Take care of this in just a moment.